c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.dll.config
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Practica.pdb
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.pdb
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jcasmer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica\Practica\obj\Debug\Practica.Migrations.AddRemarksFieldToModelProduct.resources
